config                      Gabriele.Cosmo@cern.ch          Gabriele Cosmo
digits+hits                 Makoto.Asai@cern.ch             Makoto Asai
digits+hits/detector        Makoto.Asai@cern.ch             Makoto Asai
digits+hits/digits          Makoto.Asai@cern.ch             Makoto Asai
digits+hits/hits            Makoto.Asai@cern.ch             Makoto Asai
event                       Makoto.Asai@cern.ch             Makoto Asai
g3tog4                      lockman@slac.stanford.edu       Bill Lockman
geometry                    John.Apostolakis@cern.ch        John Apostolakis
geometry/field              John.Apostolakis@cern.ch        John Apostolakis
geometry/management         John.Apostolakis@cern.ch        John Apostolakis
geometry/solids             John.Apostolakis@cern.ch        John Apostolakis
geometry/transportation     John.Apostolakis@cern.ch        John Apostolakis
geometry/volumes            John.Apostolakis@cern.ch        John Apostolakis
global                      Gabriele.Cosmo@cern.ch          Gabriele Cosmo
global/management           Gabriele.Cosmo@cern.ch          Gabriele Cosmo
global/HEPGeometry          Evgueni.Tcherniaev@cern.ch      Evgueni Tcherniaev
global/HEPNumerics          Vladimir.Grichine@cern.ch       Vladimir Grichine
graphics_reps               John.Allison@man.ac.uk          John Allison
intercoms                   Makoto.Asai@cern.ch             Makoto Asai
interfaces                  yoshidah@naruto-u.ac.jp         Hajime Yoshida
interfaces/GAG              nagamatu@naruto-u.ac.jp         Masayasu Nagamatu
interfaces/common           barrand@lal.in2p3.fr            Guy Barrand
interfaces/OPACS            barrand@lal.in2p3.fr            Guy Barrand
interfaces/XVT              Gabriele.Cosmo@cern.ch          Gabriele Cosmo
materials                   Michel.Maire@cern.ch            Michel Maire
particles                   kurasige@phys.sci.kobe-u.ac.jp  Hisaya Kurasige
persistency                 Youhei.Morita@cern.ch           Youhei Morita
processes                   Hans-Peter.Wellisch@cern.ch     Hans-Peter Wellisch
"/electromagnetic           Michel.Maire@cern.ch            Michel Maire
"/"/lowenergy               Maria.Grazia.Pia@cern.ch        Maria Grazia Pia
                            pniemine@estec.esa.nl           Petteri Nieminen
"/decay                     kurasige@phys.sci.kobe-u.ac.jp  Hisaya Kurasige
"/hadronic                  Hans-Peter.Wellisch@cern.ch     Hans-Peter Wellisch
"/"/cross_sections          fwj@Triumf.CA                   Fred Jones
"/"/management              kurasige@phys.sci.kobe-u.ac.jp  Hisaya Kurasige
"/"/stopping                FELAWKA@triumf.ca               Larry Felawka
"/"/util                    chuma@triumf.ca                 Joe Chuma
"/"/processes               Hans-Peter.Wellisch@cern.ch     Hans-Peter Wellisch
"/"/models/low_energy       chuma@triumf.ca                 Joe Chuma
"/"/"/high_energy           harm@physik.rwth-aachen.de      Harm Fesefeldt
"/"/"/neutron_hp            Hans-Peter.Wellisch@cern.ch     Hans-Peter Wellisch
"/"/"/generator/high_energy Hans-Peter.Wellisch@cern.ch     Hans-Peter Wellisch
"/"/"/"/de_excitation       Vicente.Lara@cern.ch            Vincente Lara
"/"/"/"/diffractive_string  Gunter.Folger@cern.ch           Gunter Folger
"/"/"/"/kinetic_model       Hans-Peter.Wellisch@cern.ch     Hans-Peter Wellisch
"/"/"/"/management          Hans-Peter.Wellisch@cern.ch     Hans-Peter Wellisch
"/"/"/"/pre_equilibrium     Vicente.Lara@cern.ch            Vincente Lara
"/"/"/"/quark_gluon_string  Hans-Peter.Wellisch@cern.ch     Hans-Peter Wellisch
"/"/"/"/string_common       Gunter.Folger@cern.ch           Gunter Folger
"/"/"/"/string_fragmentation Hans-Peter.Wellisch@cern.ch    Hans-Peter Wellisch
"/"/"/"/util                Hans-Peter.Wellisch@cern.ch     Hans-Peter Wellisch
"/optical                   gum@triumf.ca                   Peter Gumplinger
"/parameterisation          verderi@polhp6.in2p3.fr         Marc Verderi
"/photolepton_hadron        Hans-Peter.Wellisch@cern.ch     Hans-Peter Wellisch
"/transportation            John.Apostolakis@cern.ch        John Apostolakis
readout                     Makoto.Asai@cern.ch             Makoto Asai
run                         Makoto.Asai@cern.ch             Makoto Asai
track                       kurasige@phys.sci.kobe-u.ac.jp  Hisaya Kurasige
tracking                    Katsuya.Amako@kek.jp            Katsuya Amako
visualization               John.Allison@man.ac.uk          John Allison
visualization/management    John.Allison@man.ac.uk          John Allison
visualization/G4Ray         John.Allison@man.ac.uk          John Allison
visualization/FukuiRenderer tanaka@i1nws1.fuis.fukui-u.ac.jp Satoshi Tanaka
visualization/VRML          tanaka@i1nws1.fuis.fukui-u.ac.jp Satoshi Tanaka
visualization/OPACS         barrand@lal.in2p3.fr            Guy Barrand
visualization/OpenGL        ajw@hep.man.ac.uk               Andy Walkden
visualization/OpenInventor  jeffk@fnpspg.fnal.gov           Jeff Kallebach
visualization/OpenInventor  joe@cactus.phyast.pitt.edu      Joe Boudreau
visualization/RayTracer     Makoto.Asai@cern.ch             Makoto Asai
environments                John.Allison@man.ac.uk          John Allison
environments/Momo           yoshidah@naruto-u.ac.jp         Hajime Yoshida
environments/OPACS          barrand@lal.in2p3.fr            Guy Barrand
environments/XVT            Gabriele.Cosmo@cern.ch          Gabriele Cosmo
examples (general)          Makoto.Asai@cern.ch             Makoto Asai
examples (UserPhysicsProcesses) fwj@Triumf.CA               Fred Jones
examples/novice/N01         Makoto.Asai@cern.ch             Makoto Asai
examples/novice/N02         John.Apostolakis@cern.ch        John Apostolakis
examples/novice/N03         Michel.Maire@cern.ch            Michel Maire
examples/novice/N04         Makoto.Asai@cern.ch             Makoto Asai 
examples/novice/N05         verderi@polhp6.in2p3.fr         Marc Verderi
examples/novice/N06         gum@triumf.ca                   Peter Gumplinger
examples/extended/electromagnetic/:
  TestEm1-5                 Michel.Maire@cern.ch            Michel Maire
  TestEm6                   Vladimir.Ivantchencko@cern.ch   Vladimir Ivanchencko
  TestEm8                   Vladimir.Grichine@cern.ch       Vladimir Grichine
examples/extended/persistency  Youhei.Morita@cern.ch        Youhei Morita
tests                       John.Allison@man.ac.uk          John Allison
tests                       barrand@lal.in2p3.fr            Guy Barrand
tests                       Frank.Behner@cern.ch            Frank Behner
tests                       fwj@Triumf.CA                   Fred Jones
tests                       Makoto.Asai@cern.ch             Makoto Asai
tests                       Gabriele.Cosmo@cern.ch          Gabriele Cosmo
tests/test01                John.Apostolakis@cern.ch        John Apostolakis
tests/test02                Michel.Maire@cern.ch            Michel Maire
tests/test02.hadron         Hans-Peter.Wellisch@cern.ch     Hans-Peter Wellisch
tests/test03                (not currently used - see tests/GNUmakefile)
tests/test04                (not currently used - see tests/GNUmakefile)
tests/test05                Gabriele.Cosmo@cern.ch          Gabriele Cosmo
tests/test06                Michel.Maire@cern.ch            Michel Maire
tests/test07                Frank.Behner@cern.ch            Frank Behner
tests/test08                (not currently used - see tests/GNUmakefile)
tests/test09                Michel.Maire@cern.ch            Michel Maire
tests/test10                magni@mi.infn.it                Stefano Magni
tests/test11                Hans-Peter.Wellisch@cern.ch     Hans-Peter Wellisch
tests/test12                Hans-Peter.Wellisch@cern.ch     Hans-Peter Wellisch
tests/test13                Hans-Peter.Wellisch@cern.ch     Hans-Peter Wellisch
tests/test14                Maria.Grazia.Pia@cern.ch        Maria Grazia Pia
                            pniemine@estec.esa.nl           Petteri Nieminen
tests/test15                Hans-Peter.Wellisch@cern.ch     Hans-Peter Wellisch
tests/test16                Hans-Peter.Wellisch@cern.ch     Hans-Peter Wellisch
tests/test17                (not currently used - see tests/GNUmakefile)
tests/test201               barrand@lal.in2p3.fr            Guy Barrand
tests/test301               Makoto.Asai@cern.ch             Makoto Asai
tests/test302               Makoto.Asai@cern.ch             Makoto Asai
